Add ONNX and Apache Airflow File (#297)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/airflow.md

---
name: Apache Airflow
category: Containers and Orchestration
description: Apache Airflow is an open-source platform for orchestrating complex workflows and data pipelines. 
download_url: https://github.com/apache/airflow/tags
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version: 
    version_number: 2.3.0
    release_date: 2022/05/01

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://airflow.apache.org/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options: 
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: 
        partner_content: 
        official_docs: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/installation/
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:

>     release_notes__supported_minimum: https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/2.3.0/README.md

Author: ```suggestion
    release_notes__supported_minimum: https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/2.3.0/README.md#requirements
```

    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: There are no release notes or binaries present. Apache Airflow version 2.3.0 includes support for ARM64 architecture, as noted in the README.md file of this version. 

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: The Readme.md introduced Linux/ARM64 support in the platform requirements section.
```
